Alpha Version [semver:minor] (#1)
altostra/altostra-orb: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="http://media.altostra.com/altostra-circleci-orb.png" alt="CircleCI + Altostra" width="390">
</p>
<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://altostra.com/blog/circle-ci-cd-altostra"><img alt="Learn More" src="https://media.altostra.com/buttons/learn-more.png" height="28" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.altostra.com/"><img alt="View Docs" src="https://media.altostra.com/buttons/view-docs.png" height="28" /></a>
</p>
<br/>

[![Altostra](https://circleci.com/gh/altostra/altostra-orb.svg?style=svg)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/altostra/altostra-orb)

> Easily integrate your Altostra deployoment with your CircleCI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easily integrate your Altostra deployments with CircleCI
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using
```

> To deploy a project directly to one of your instances, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a project, use `altostra-orb` and provide the instance name and the environment:

```

```yaml
version: 2.1
orbs:
  altostra-orb: altostra/altostra-orb@x.y #enter latest version

jobs:
  build:
    docker:
      - image: circleci/node:12.13

    working_directory: ~/repo

    steps:
      - checkout
      # setup the Altostra CLI with your api-token
      - altostra-orb/setup:
          api-token: "$ALTO_API_KEY" # Set this in your project Environment variables

      - run:
          name: NPM install
          command: npm install

      - altostra-orb/deploy:
          instance-name: "myInstance"
          env-name: "Production"
```

> Or, you can just push your version to your repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, you can push an image of the project:

```

```yaml
version: 2.1
orbs:
  altostra-orb: altostra/altostra-orb@x.y #enter latest version

jobs:
  build:
    docker:
      - image: circleci/node:12.13

    working_directory: ~/repo

    steps:
      - checkout
      # setup the Altostra CLI with your api-token
      - altostra-orb/setup:
          api-token: "$ALTO_API_KEY" # Set this in your project Environment variables

      - run:
          name: NPM install
          command: npm install

      - altostra-orb/push:
          version: "v1.2.3-myVer"
```

> and then deploy it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and then deploy it:

```

</p>
<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://altostra.com/blog/circle-ci-cd-altostra"><img alt="Learn More" src="https://media.altostra.com/buttons/learn-more.png" height="28" /></a>
  <a href="https://docs.altostra.com/"><img alt="View Docs" src="https://media.altostra.com/buttons/view-docs.png" height="28" /></a>
</p>
<br/>

[![Altostra](https://circleci.com/gh/altostra/altostra-orb.svg?style=svg)](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/altostra/altostra-orb)

Easily integrate your Altostra deployments with your CircleCI

## Using

### Setting up

First, add an env variable named ALTO_API_KEY to your project environment and set it's value to your Altostra API Token.
The `altostra-orb/setup` step will use this variable to set up your connection to Altostra.

### Pushing and Deploying 
To deploy a project, use `altostra-orb` and provide the instance name and the environment:

```yaml
version: 2.1
orbs:
  altostra-orb: altostra/altostra-orb@x.y #enter latest version

jobs:
  build:
    docker:
      - image: circleci/node:12.13

    working_directory: ~/repo

    steps:
      - checkout
      # setup the Altostra CLI with your api-token
      - altostra-orb/setup:

>           api-token: "$ALTO_API_KEY" # Set this in your project Environment variables

Reviewer 2: api-token should be taking in "env_var_name" which should expect the name of an env var, excluding the "$" as to not confuse the parameter for a string.

Example:

```
description: "A demo of a command to install a CLI, authenticate, and deploy an app"
parameters:
  api-token:
    type: env_var_name
    default: MY_SECRET_TOKEN
steps:
  - run:
      name: "Deploying application"
      command: |
        pip install example
        example login $<<parameters.api-token>>
        example deploy my-app
```
from: https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/orbs-best-practices/#use-the-minimal-number-of-steps-required

      - run:
          name: NPM install
          command: npm install

      - altostra-orb/deploy:
          instance-name: "myInstance"
          env-name: "Production"
```

Or, you can push an image of the project:

```yaml
version: 2.1
orbs:
  altostra-orb: altostra/altostra-orb@x.y #enter latest version

jobs:
  build:
    docker:
      - image: circleci/node:12.13

    working_directory: ~/repo

    steps:
      - checkout
      # setup the Altostra CLI with your api-token
      - altostra-orb/setup:

>           api-token: "$ALTO_API_KEY" # Set this in your project Environment variables

Reviewer 2: See above
